hld and requirements for difference maps (#818)
Vizzuality/marxan-cloud: docs/features/compare-scenarios-difference-maps/high-level-design.md

> # Difference map - High-level design

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Difference maps - High-level design
```

This document aims at providing an overview of the architecture of the difference maps for
the Marxan platform.

## Api scenario compare tiler design

The initial design of the api is based on [this document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1T1Gp9RM6J-CoZoyIL7XBeUU1_w2ZrvN7rCSN_XAnBSg/edit#heading=h.51ul83hfhytz)

A user should provide 2 scenarios to compare, and the tiler should be able to provide the relative frequency maps of the 2 scenarios. The tiler should bear the `/api/v1/scenarios/{sid1}/compare/{sid2}/tiles/{z}/{x}/{y}.mvt` endpoint. where `sid1` and `sid2` are the scenario ids, `z` is the zoom level, `x` and `y` are the tile coordinates.

We need to ensure first that both scenarios are under the same project.

> In order to do so we will make use of the data already use for[ marxan-cloud/scenarios.service.ts](https://github.com/Vizzuality/marxan-cloud/blob/develop/api/apps/geoprocessing/src/modules/scenarios/scenarios.service.ts#L46)  frequencyValue  in the table `output_scenarios_pu_data` for each scenario already calculated as  `round((output.included_count/array_length(output.value, 1)::numeric)*100)::int as "frequencyValue"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to compare solutions across any two given scenarios we will make use of the data already [configured for selection in scenario results](https://github.com/Vizzuality/marxan-cloud/blob/56d97aedd8dabe4cd22a7a9f1c84ff4f7bcb6b57/api/apps/geoprocessing/src/modules/scenarios/scenarios.service.ts#L45-L52): `frequencyValue`  in the table `output_scenarios_pu_data` for each scenario, which is calculated as `round((output.included_count/array_length(output.value, 1)::numeric)*100)::int as "frequencyValue"`
```

> The vector tile properties that needs to be outputted are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The properties that need to be present in the generated tiles are:
```

```json
{
 'id': 'id',
 'sid1': frequencyValue, 
 'sid2': frequencyValue
}
```

## Frontend Bivariate rules design

Rules are based on the [this document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1r9Excv4juGThjPSdPZYx9yWke_LBh-LqGDFw6UTKa08/edit#heading=h.lce9j8b1epbp)

> 3 bivariate rules are defined:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3 bivariate rules are defined (all values below are to be interpreted as percentages):
```
